Door.
If you were living in the 1950s and someone brought you to 2018 and picked you
up from the airport in a Tesla, you're on a plane. Seems normal. Yeah.
You're on a plane. Just like planes. What are these screens on the seats? Holy.
Yeah. There's screens in the seats and someone picks you up in a Tesla.
It doesn't make any noise. It's electric.
There's a giant laptop in the front of it. Yeah. That shows this huge map.
And you're driving around out and people are taking phone calls in the air.
Yeah. They just, Hey, what's up Mike? You're like what?
You're talking in the car.
What the you driving around to all these different places. And,
and you see the, the,
the mass of humans and the architecture change and people would freak the out.
Sure. The, with the,
and this is the world that we've totally become accustomed to. That's right.
And no one, this is no one's prepared for this.
We're all just playing it on ear. And the, the worst aspects of it, the,
some of the chaos and the social upheaval and the, the way the,
I mean the infighting between people, people getting kicked outta restaurants,
cause they work for the wrong people. And, but this,
if you see max waters telling people that if you find people that it work for
the Trump administration, you find them in a restaurant,
you find them anywhere you go and you get together a group of people,
you build a crowd and you let them know that you don't agree with their policies
like whoa, we're calling for gangs.
We're calling for gangs of people randomly in the street, interrupt S meals,
interrupt people in stores, get a crowd together. Don't let them be in,
be safe in public. Cause you disagree with their policies. Woo.
This is getting crazy. And I know one of the policies of the immigrants,
the children of immigrants being separated from their parents,
which I'm a hundred percent with you. It's imoral, it's disgusting.
It's saddens me. That it's even considered an option. It makes no sense.
I don't give a. If they broke the law,
you don't take parents and kids and separate them. You just don't.
It'ss disgusting. There's other ways around it. If you're saying whoa,
they shouldn't have broke the law. Maybe they shouldn't have broke the law.
You don't get to do something.
That's a thousand times worse than crossing a line.
The dirt that imaginary line of the dirt crossing is nothing
in comparison to your crime of stealing a baby from its mother. That's insane.
That's not America in 2018. That's just insane.
And we wouldn't be doing that to Canadians. Okay?
If Canadians came over here with their beautiful, cute blondehaired kids,
we're not stealing 'em from their parents.
And that's one of the reasons why it's sick. The whole thing's sick. It's chaos.
So in one, one hand, on one hand,
I understand where a lot of people are outraged.
And I understand where they're coming from.
You shouldn't separate parents from the children in any way, shape or form.
But the way to fix that is not saying anybody who's on that team
and working for that administration should be chased by a mob of street
vigilantes. And you should encourage this. Mom, make a crowd,
get everybody together, make a crowd, make some noise,
let them know they're not welcome. Like, whoa.
Well, isn't it isn't like who one of the,
one of the problems with it is that we, now we have a little bit of a, a,
a slippery slope. Like we let's, you know,
I don't wanna play mob justice,
ping pong with you. Right. Because if I start playing that with you,
then that ping pong could potentially turn into a civil war.
Oh yeah.
Do you know there was a recent USA today poll that said 31% of America thinks
that we're close to a civil war.
Right now. Now that being said, and,
and also people who like fantasize about a, a civil war.
I don't know if they've really thought it out all the way,
like what that looks like.
I can answer that for you. They do definitely haven't right.
So they definitely haven't.
Cause if they did and they thought it threw and thought it was a good idea,
they're outta their minds. They're crazy. Or they're stupid.
Yeah. But, but, but the, the real, I was really passionate about that in other,
yeah, man. Well, I mean, because who, who wants to be in a civil war,
but the, the, the, the you for me,
when I see like that going down, um,
I, I see, I I've like come up with, like,
I didn't come up with, I got it from the doai Lama,
but I've come up with like a good little equation to,
to go back to mm-hmm <affirmative>, which is,
does this to reduce suffering. Right? So like,
and I don't think it, it reduces suffering and,
and these people who are really upset on both sides of the fence are
suffering. Like we're,
we're really looking at like a world where a lot of people are deeply
upset and deeply suffering and really, and really, really,
really freaking the out. And,
and as I've been watching this thing emerge on the
internet on Twitter,
where people tweet things that paint that,
where you look at it,
and you think it's almost as though you're living in another world than I am
like the world that you're, you're talking about, man,
it's terrifying. Like it's scary. And it's like, it's,
it's really up.
And maybe like the reason I think that is because I started
doing LSD when I was 16. So when I was,
when I was sick 16, I,
I became brutally aware of the fact that
the current government and the past government was
repressive. And, and, and I, and something about that drug,
which I don't do anymore <laugh> cuz it's illegal. I was a crazy kid.
But something about that drug really shows you the
conditioning. Right?
And so I knew from pretty young age, I was like,
oh wow. I don't, I don't think the United States is,
is dropping bombs on other countries because of justice or some threat.
It appears to be that some people are making money off of this.
And I don't think these drugs are illegal because they're bad for you.
I think they're illegal because somebody doesn't want, um,
the heard to experience these states of consciousness,
cuz it will make them more difficult to shear.
I had this conversation with Hamilton Morris yesterday and he strongly disagrees
cuz he's talked to the people actually in the DEA,
he's talked to the people in drug enforcement. Oh sure.
And he said that what really is happening is they have zero experience with
these drugs, but they know these drugs are illegal.
And so they pursue it as if it's a, a, a viable target.
And we talked about it in terms of like the real problem with law enforcement
being that it's a game.
I've always said that like the real problem with cops is not cops.
The real problem with cops is human nature. This is a bad guy. I get a point.
If I take em out, you start looking for bad guys.
You start looking for bad guys that aren't even there,
you start forcing situations. Yeah.
Yeah. I know we get it becomes.
We yeah. Sorry.
Yeah, no, go ahead. We get into this a lot. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I,
and I don't mean the DEA. Like I've heard the exact same thing about the DEA.
Like they don't, they many.
I don't even think people above them have experience with it.
Oh I'm I'm not even. So I'm not even talking about people above them.
I'm talking about tendencies. So like if an individual has a tendency, right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like, uh, um, tendency. So a person has a tendency.
Then a group of people might have a tendency. For example, if I get a group of,
um, Swedish people together and I'd bring them to the world cup,
they're gonna have the tendency to cheer for Sweden. Right.
I'm gonna bet on that. I didn't gamble on that. There's a tendency. Right,
right. Right. My but boss sucks. He's a. Right.
Right. Then you think back to the way,
all your other bosses acted and you realize like, wait,
there seems to be a tendency when people are in that position of power
to behave in a certain way. Yeah. Right. Yeah. It's.
Hard, hard.
Job. So, so, but what I'm saying is,
is the person who's in the position of power or is that thing coming from inside
of them or is it that there's something like built in to the DNA of a
leadership position? They say that like in the same way,
like when you got a pregnant wife,
some new thing kicks in and I was reading about it, built in,
it feels like where it's like, I'm getting a security system. I'm like,
you know what I mean, mean I wanna make her safe. I wanna make sure that like,
we're, we're saving money. We're like, you know what I mean?
I'm working harder than I've ever worked in my life.
Cuz I wanna make sure that like there's plenty for her and plenty for the kid
and like something kicks in, there's a tendency there. Right? Right.
So what I'm saying is there seems to be a tendency.
See that happens when there is a, a,
a convergence of people in power, right. It starts behaving in a certain way.
It builds walls. It starts taking people to jail who don't belong in jail.
It dehumanizes essentially that's the tendency. Right?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so when you're taking a psychedelic and you look around and
you realize, oh, I see the government though.
It's filled with people who are wonderful.
There are people in the DEA who listen to your show and guaranteed love the
show and are like, you're right, man.
I don't wanna force these laws or arresting people for a thing that is like
being shown not only to be harmless,
but potentially therapeutic there's people in all branches of government.
And there's some people who just need a job and maybe there's some in there.
Well, it's some.
People that want to bust crack dealers. Yeah.
They wanna bust that are killing people that happen to also be drug dealers.
And this is part of the job.
Right?
So I'm not talking about the individual atomic structure of the power
structure. I'm talking about the sum, total convergence,
the gestalt of the thing, emanates certain behavior patterns. Right.
And those behavior patterns,
those behavior patterns have been going on for a very long time.
And so forever.
Forever, as far as we know, right. There's always.
Been Kings. Yeah. So now I'm not saying like, therefore your fear,
your terror is unjustified.
I just think maybe because of the garishness of the, uh,
current Amir administration compared to like Obama, who is like, you know,
we know what happened with Obama and, and an essay.
We know what happened with Obama and the drones. We know what happened. Well,
we don't know what all the that probably happened with Obama,
but we do know with Obama and,
and I remember hearing this and then looking it up and then looking it up again.
Uh, he apparently like deported. In fact, maybe,
please find out if I'm wrong about this.
So I don't have to deal with 7 billion people calling me a for the rest of my
life.
But apparently he deported more people than any than all
American presidents combined. His administration did. Right.
Deported more people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and so now Trump,
he he's at the beginning of the deportation race. Yeah.
Like by the time he's done, he might have beaten a Obama score by a long shot.
I don't know. But the mean thing is what I'm saying here is like,
I think I've been aware of the fact that there is something wonky going
on and it's wonky in the most rotten brutal way.
It's wonky in the sense that it kills people.
It separates children from not just of immigrants, but of farmers.
Some people were growing marijuana and guaranteed,
their kids are in foster care now and they're in jail. Right.
This has been going on and on and on and on.
I think maybe now what's great about the fear that we're seeing and the
hyperreaction is if there is anything great about it is that people
are waking up to the fact that our government right now,
the American government is out of balance.
We've been at war for 90% of our history. Right.
And there's a lot of going on in there that doesn't need to be going on and
we're waking up to it. It's just, some people are like, they're waking up to it.
Like they were asleep and someone threw water in their face. Yeah.
And they're like, holy. Holy. This is like, you know,
this happened, this sounds condescending. I don't mean it to be.
But when I was like, like 18 or 17,
looking at a dollar bill tripping balls,
looking at that green pyramid and the weird symbols, and then thinking like,
wait a minute, this, this is covered with a cult.
Symbolology all over it all over it. And then thinking like, wait a minute,
wait, there's something, this should, this should,
this isn't really worth anything.
Like this is just pay paper and then setting it on fire, you know,
just to do like the worst thing, like a uniting. That's a joke.
Obviously, cuz it's illegal to set it on fire. Right?
Yeah. Of course it's a joke. I would never do that, man. No way. I never,
ever in a million years would ignite currency, not with old glory,
not with old glory, not with the money, but I, I guess what I'm saying is like,
if there is something positive about, and I don't, I,
the mobs of people doing this or that, or the,
or the hyper outrage almost as though,
like we're looking at an immuneant response,
like that's kind of going overboard. Yes. Right, exactly like that.
But if there's something positive in it it's that it seems that huge
swaths of people are becoming familiar with the machinations
of the American empire and understanding that here's how it's working right
now. And um, well.
Not only that,
like this illusion that it worked far differently when Obama was in office,
like have you seen that video or Obama was running for president and he started
talking about to deal with immigration and the immigration policies. No,
it's a disturbing video because it's a Republican viewpoint.
He's the way he's talking about it.
It sounds like someone running for a conservative position now. Right?
It's not like this democratic socialist idea of eliminating ice. You know,
there's a lot of people that their, their,
their idea is that immigra and customs enforcement,
that those people are monsters and we should eliminate the position.
We shouldn't have it anymore and we should have open borders. Right. And those,
those PE same people would love to have Obama in office. <laugh>, you know,
they would think that it would be great if Obama was here. Boy,
it was so much better when Obama was get back, play that video,
find the video of Obama. Uh, I think it was,
is I wanna say 2000 and just nine,
seven or seven or eight or something like that. Yeah. Something like that.
But it's one of those ones where you're like, whoa, wait a minute. What?
200 five, actually 2005. Um, you watch it and you go, what? Yeah.
Wow. Like this sounds like a Republican, like imagine let's just imagine. Yeah.
And imagine this is a young blonde white man.
Who's uh, saying this in 2018, right? Listen, this, listen, listen to his,
his position.
All right, dude, with one of those like square mustach we all agree.
On the need to better secure the border and to punish employers who
choose to hire illegal immigrants. Uh, you know,
we are a generous and welcoming people here in the United States,
but those who enter the country illegally and those who employ them disrespect
the.
Rule of law. Wait, can you pause that? I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
May I ask for a pause? What's the date on that video? 2005.
That's for sure. The date on the actual upload flashback.
2005 Cent, uh, Senator Obama, humbl legal.
Immigration publish on January 31st, 2000. What does that? Seven. 17. Okay.
Now here's the thing, man. His lips look, I I've looked. That might be.
I've looked up that Obama has deported more people than any American president,
but we have to be very careful these days.
Cuz if you look his lips aren't tracking. Oh, let.
Me see. Let me see. Yeah. Go back and look at the.
They are showing disregard for those who are following the law. I see.
See a little bit oh, simply cannot.
Talking about yeah. Oh yeah. Does not tracking at all. Well, why don't you?
Well, some would know if that was a real CSPAN thing. Well, well.
This, I think we need to need to better.
Secure the border and a punish employees.
I don't think that choose to hire illegal.
Immigrants. I'm I'm not saying this cuz I'm shocked the yeah.
But it's just off, but it's the same words we all agree.
On.
He's saying the same words. Well, can we Google?
Let's find a version of it where it doesn't do that.
Yeah. Sorry. You guys these days, man. I like, we have to be be so like,
and this is a, we're gonna deal with even more like,
and also I'm a not saying like you would never do that. I'm just saying like,
that looks a little fishy, but you can just look up.
Did Obama deport more people than you? That's what I was looking.
Up before you asked me to find a video and I'm finding various problems in the,
that statement or statistics. So ifnos has it,
but they've changed it to a mixture instead of being true or false because the
definition of a deport ation was changed at some point in the last couple years.
The point is he deported a lot of people, you know? Like,
I don't know like how many or I don't know. He wasn't.
Justin truau he wasn't just open borders. Exactly. Letting everybody in.
But dude, well let's please find out if that clip was.
Actually said. I think we would know. We would know if that clip was.
There's no way they would just let it slide. Right? If Obama never,
that there's no way they would just let that stay. I'.
Just like to see one where it was synced.
Well, the, it would,
you would kind of know because that's a pretty famous clip and it gets used all
the time to participate on.
In these negotiations. She spans website.
We all agree on the need to better secure. Okay.
Sorry guys. What's.
The, what's up with the thing. Choose to hire.
Illegal immigrants. You know, we are,
are a generous and welcoming people here in the United States, but those.
Who, so yeah, you guys are also watching a version.
That's going through three different. Are you.
Watching it? Yeah.
Where was it? Publisheded when was that uploaded?
This was up upload in 2005.
Okay, great. Perfect. Sorry, you guys,
you gotta be careful these days though man. Cuz they're putting out.
That looks real.